Hi, leave a detailed message
and I'll get back to you
as soon as I possibly can.
Have a great day.
James, this is Steven.
Could you please call
me as soon as possible?
Thanks.
She's asking for you.
That's alright, we're
home and we're together.
I'm happy.
I left her a message,
maybe she'll call.
She never has before.
Her Bible, I need her Bible.
Open it to the bookmark.
Take her Bible, Steven.
Forgive her, and ask
her to forgive us.
We loved her, Steven,
but we failed her.
Promise me you will
give her the Bible.
Forgive her.
Ask her forgiveness.
I promise.
Thank you, Steven.
Please remember that I love you.
I'll be waiting
for you in heaven.
She's with God now.
You did the right thing,
bringing her home.
It's James.
You've called at
a bad time, James.
I'm sorry I
didn't call sooner.
Miranda and I have
been very, very busy.
Abigail is gone.
I was hoping Miranda
would come back
to see her before
it was too late.
Now it's too late.
The funeral was this morning.
I'm so sorry, is
there anything I can do?
Nothing.
I'll tell Miranda,
I think it's something
she ought to know.
Don't you tell her a thing.
Abigail had me promise
to do one thing,
and I'm going to do it.
That's my business, James.
Look, I wanted you to know
because you were a
comfort to Abigail,
letting us know how
Miranda was doing.
But Abigail is gone now and I
have her wishes to consider.
I will tell Miranda
that Abigail is gone,
to her face.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
It's a terrible
idea, but I promised.
I need your address.
I don't know, Steven.
Listen, I've got to go.
Forgiveness.
It's just not the
same without her.
I will tell Miranda
that Abigail is gone,
to her face.
Lord, am I doing
the right thing?
I don't know if I can
keep this to myself.
I'm headed to the office.
Okay.
You look good.
Thank you.
Let's not talk about
dinner right now, okay?
There's something I really
need to talk to you about.
Sit down, please.
You're starting to worry me.
Please don't be mad at me.
I've been speaking with
Steven for a few months now.
You know I want nothing
to do with them,
and you've been talking to
him for months behind my back?
I wanted to let them
know that you were alright,
but that's not the
issue right now.
He called me a few months ago.
Abigail was sick.
Cancer, I'm sorry.
She passed away
a few days ago.
Well there's nothing
I can do about that now.
When's the funeral?
It was earlier this week.
Well I wouldn't
have gone anyway.
Wait.
You talk to them for
months behind my back,
and you pick now, after
Abigail's gone, to tell me that?
I didn't know what else to do.
James, they lied
to me for years.
I was going to
church every Sunday,
and everybody else knew
they were lying to me.
And now you're lying to me?
That went well.
Liars.
And now he's a liar.
Knock knock,
Miranda, are you back there?
Yeah, come on in.
Thank you.
I just had to get out of
that house for a minute.
Oh, I'm interrupting you.
No, no, no, it's fine.
Turns out I needed some company.
Me too.
Who would think with
doctors and nurses
and therapists barging
around the house all day
I'd need company, but...
I could use a moment of
quiet time with a friend.
He's getting better every day.
He recognizes me now and
the therapist said that
he should be out of the
wheelchair in a couple of months.
And the nurses are optimistic
too, but the doctors...
Don't listen to the doctors.
Doctors are always pessimists,
listen to the therapists
and the nurses.
They're the ones spending
all this time with Michael.
Yeah, they spend more
time with him than I do.
And with that realization,
I need to get home.
Mike will be
wondering where I am.
Well, come back any
time, I'll make some tea.
I took our health and the
lives we had for granted.
Never again.
Why am I doing this to myself?
Hmm, car's running
a little rough.
I think I'll get off
the interstate for now.
You were working
late last night.
I tried not to wake you.
Yeah, I didn't sleep well.
Listen, I'm sorry I went
against your wishes.
I haven't spoken to
them for years, by choice.
You had no right
to just call them.
I know.
And Abigail dying
doesn't change that.
I'm not going back there, ever.
I have a birth mother,
we have a relationship.
That's it.
I better do something
before he gets here.
I'm pretty good with cars.
That makes one of us.
Steven.
Joseph.
Nice to meet you.
Guess I'll have to
walk back into town.
Gotta be a couple miles.
I just walked
through that town.
It's nice, but I'm don't think
there's a mechanic
there that can help you.
Not on a Saturday, anyway.
Is it Saturday already?
When you're retired the days
just sorta run together.
Every day is a gift
from the Lord, Steven.
Trouble is, some people think
he gave us an endless supply.
I think I feel a
loose wire here.
That might've gotten it.
Alright, hop in
and start 'er up.
You're all set to go.
Los Angeles.
That'd be great.
Wonderful, hop in.
You've reached my
cell phone voicemail,
please leave a message.
I assume you're
already headed this way.
Our address is 407 Valley
View Drive, Sherman Oaks.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
I hope Miranda can
forgive me for this,
I'm keeping this from her too.
Sure is nice to finally get
away from all that grey sky,
but it's getting colder.
By the way, I have
an extra jacket.
You can borrow it if you want.
Not exactly the
talkative type, are you?
I'm just enjoying the scenery.
It's a lot to take in
traveling this fast.
You're the first
person who's said I drive fast.
Well, I've been walking.
I like driving
these old highways.
You get to see a little bit of
what America used to be like.
You miss a lot driving
the interstates,
and even more when you fly.
I like this speed just fine,
and the scenery is beautiful.
The scenery will get
better as we go west.
Ah, yes, the mountains.
I am looking forward to that.
Have you ever been
through the Rockies?
No, not yet.
Well, you're in
for a real treat.
Take your time.
I haven't had my fill of
these wide open spaces.
Me, I get tired
of the flat after a while.
I could never tire of this.
Maybe you're right.
It does have a sort of
stark beauty about it.
What'd you get?
Bread and peanut butter.
Yeah, peanut butter,
the world's perfect food.
Good sandwich.
We've gotta stop for the
night, I'm getting too tired.
We're in Pueblo, Colorado.
I'm gonna get a room.
I'm too old to
bunk with somebody.
That's fine.
No reason for me to
spend money on a room.
I don't mind sleeping
outside, I like the view.
Suit yourself.
See you in the morning.
Alright.
Hey, Joseph!
Did you decide the
room was too stuffy?
I decided that
spending the extra money
for another room
wasn't a bad idea.
Besides that, it's gonna
rain, you'll get drenched.
I guess you're right.
You got the car running,
it's the least I can do.
Okay, come on.
Thank you Lord for
providing me a friend
that cared enough
to give me shelter.
I found some tea bags
next to the coffee maker.
Would you care to join
me in a cup of green tea?
Come on in.
It'll help you sleep.
I don't normally need
help getting to sleep,
but a cup of tea sounds nice.
I don't mean to bother you.
I just enjoy sipping
a cup of green tea
and having intelligent
conversation in the evening,
when the opportunity
presents itself.
It's a good idea.
I was just going to
do a little reading
before going to sleep.
That's a fine choice.
What's your favorite book?
Acts.
I like reading about
action, not just words.
I remember that
printing, 1970s, I think.
You've got a great memory.
It was a gift to my daughter.
That's a long story
and very private.
I don't mean to pry.
Nice tea by the way.
It was a good idea,
but we've got all day for
intelligent conversation.
I can tell you're busy.
I can finish this in my room.
What time are we checking out?
I'd like to get on the
road by eight o'clock.
Again, thank you for the room.
It was very nice.
You're welcome.
Good night.
Good morning, sleep well?
Sure did.
Just so you know, I
like to stop now and then
and stretch my legs,
and enjoy the scenery.
Boy, I wish Abigail was
here with me to see this.
She would really enjoy it.
Oh, I miss her.
Steven, I'm having
second thoughts about this.
Please give me a call.
I'm already in Colorado.
I'll be there in
a couple of days.
Come on, Joseph, time
to get back on the road.
Hard to believe it was so
warm just two days ago.
Now we're surrounded by snow.
I have to make a phone call,
gimme about five minutes.
Well, I'll just wander.
It's Steven,
returning your call.
Listen, I'm glad you called.
I've really been having
some second thoughts
about you coming out here.
It's too late for that, James.
I'm already in Colorado.
I'll be there in
a couple of days.
Well, then, listen, I'm
going to have to tell Miranda.
I just can't have you you
show up unannounced like that.
I understand.
As a matter of fact,
I insist you tell her.
If she still chooses
not to see me, so be it.
Either way, you're really
putting me in a bad spot here.
The middle is
always awkward, James.
You just tell her and I'll
deal with the consequences.
Alright, listen, see you
soon, have a safe drive.
Alright, bye.
Yeah, he'll deal with
the consequences, right.
I don't know.
Would you like
to talk about it?
No, I need some time to think.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Everyone was asking about you.
Every Sunday.
I don't know.
Steven's coming
to Los Angeles.
It's a free country,
LA's a big city.
I gave him our address.
Strike two.
I'm chopping vegetables, I
would stand back if I were you.
Sweetheart, I'm sorry,
I didn't know what to do.
I don't understand
what's going on here.
what your problem is.
This is my life,
this is my decision.
It took everything I had to
pack my bags and leave Kentucky,
and I'm not going back there.
I know, but all the
blame, all the hate...
I don't hate them.
Then give him a chance.
Let him see you one more
time before he dies.
Is that really too much to ask?
Yes, it is.
Well, then, maybe we
should take some time off
and just not be here
when he gets here.
I don't know.
You've had some time
to think about this.
Let me think about
it for a while.
Fine.
Good Lord gave us this
beautiful country to live in,
the Bible to live by,
and delicious peanut
butter sandwiches.
Be greedy to ask
for anything else.
God gave me a beautiful
wife, a wonderful home,
good health, and
now this journey.
Traveling with your
daughter's bible.
Sure would like to
know more about that.
I'm not ready to
talk about that yet.
Wonder what the first
settlers thought
when they saw that
wall of mountains.
I'd imagine a combination
of awe and discouragement.
Kinda like the way most
people approach life today.
I can't tell if that's
profound or just depressing.
Come on.
I don't want to
fight with you, James.
fight with you either.
How long have you
been talking to Steven?
For about a year now.
You started this?
After you told me about them,
I figured I'd call 'em so
they wouldn't worry about you.
Let me see if I've
got this straight.
You give them a
call after you knew
I didn't want them in our lives,
and then you find
out Abigail is dying,
and you don't tell me?
I wasn't thinking.
I thought I'd give them a call
just so they could
have some peace.
And then this whole
thing with Abigail...
I thought I would have
to admit the call then.
And now he's coming out
here, do you know why?
No, not really, just
to come see you I gather.
Well tell him not to come,
tell him he's not welcome.
I did, he's coming anyway.
That 'cause you
gave him our address.
I don't need people in
my life that I can't trust.
Did you ever think
of forgiving them?
Never crossed my mind.
Maybe we should go
out of town for a while.
No, we're staying.
You wanted this,
now you're going to see
what's gonna happen.
There's a lot of answers
in that book, Steven,
but perhaps not about
your particular situation.
Would you care to
share your story?
This is something
I've never told anyone.
It was a secret that Abigail
and I protected for many years.
Maybe it's time
you told someone.
My wife Abigail
and I were married
for 48 years, she
died last week.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
A few years into our marriage
we found out we couldn't
have any children of our own.
Abigail was devastated.
Then after about a year,
she decided we should adopt.
I wasn't sold on the idea,
but Abigail said that
we had an opportunity to
make a child's life better.
Who could argue with that?
It's a noble
thing to wanna make
someone else's life better.
That's what Abigail said.
So we went to an adoption agency
and found a little angel.
She was three years
old and her name was,
is Miranda.
This is the Bible we gave
her when she came to us.
We wanted to raise her right,
see to it that she went
to church every Sunday.
She grew up loving the Lord.
The day she was baptized is
a day I will never forget.
Then she turned 18.
Abigail and I had
discussed it for years,
but we decided it was finally
time to tell her the truth,
that she was adopted.
And I'm assuming that
didn't go very well.
Worse than you could
have ever imagined.
She called us liars.
Said that she hated us,
that her whole life
had been a lie.
She said she'd been the brunt
of a 15 years practical joke,
everyone else was in on it,
that the whole parish was
laughing at her behind her back.
She said she hated us,
she never wanted to see
us again, and she left.
That was 25 years ago.
And you haven't
seen her since?
No calls, no letters, nothing.
We figured the worst, of course.
But then, about a year ago,
we got a call from a
man in Los Angeles.
Said he was Miranda's
husband, James.
Said he'd looked us
up on the Internet,
I still don't know
how that's legal.
Anyway, he gave
us his cell phone
and we talked to
him now and then.
That was nice of him
to reach out to you.
Yes, it was.
But he didn't tell Miranda.
He said that she
hadn't changed her mind
and it was unlikely
that she would.
Then your wife got sick.
Yes.
I told James that Abigail
wanted to see Miranda.
But he either didn't tell her,
or she was unmoved.
Either way, Abigail died without
ever seeing Miranda again.
Abigail's dying wish was
that I take this Bible
to Miranda and ask
her forgiveness,
and tell her that
we forgive her.
I trust Abigail's true wish
is for Miranda to
turn back to the Lord.
Mothers only want what's
best for their children,
even if we aren't
flesh and blood.
Thank you for
sharing that, Steven.
It's good to
finally tell somebody.
What if she
still won't see me?
Perhaps her
heart has softened.
That would be
wonderful, but I doubt it.
Let's ask God for help,
and hopefully your
daughter will welcome you
with open arms when we arrive.
Absolutely.
Amen.
Now let's get going, you've
got a Bible to deliver.
Yes.
I'm gonna take the pup
for a walk in a few, but...
There's something I need
to talk to you about.
It's important.
It's okay, James,
I forgive you.
It's gonna work out, okay?
Let's just forget about it.
I can't forget about it.
It's something I have to say.
Listen...
You sure you wanna poke
the bear again, really?
Let me start by saying
that I love you very much.
These have been the best
five years of my life.
And I'll be the
first to say that
I probably have no idea
what I'm talking about.
I have great parents, I
had a wonderful childhood,
and it's helped to make me
the man that I am today.
Well so far you haven't
said anything to make me mad,
so go on.
Here goes.
I'm only basing this on
what you've told me, okay?
I don't have any
information from Abigail,
or Steven, or anyone.
You gotta get over yourself.
You have two people
who loved you enough
to give you a home, feed
you, clothe you, educate you,
teach you about God,
and respected the Bible.
And this is how you repay
'em for all their love?
They lied to me!
To protect you!
What, do you think
they were running
some big scam on
you or something?
That's ridic...
They owed me the truth.
They owed you nothing.
They gave of themselves,
freely, they loved you.
And now you can't make
amends with your mother.
That's right, I said
it, your mother.
And now your father's
coming out here,
and you have a big
choice to make.
A big choice.
Make a decision.
Black Dragon Canyon.
You know, Steven, I'm
in no particular hurry,
but if we keep stopping at
every point of interest,
we'll never make
it to Los Angeles.
Okay, I get what
you're saying, let's go.
I was thinking,
if we're gonna be driving
through Las Vegas,
maybe you could
just drop me off.
Well we're headed
in that direction,
but I wasn't planning
on stopping there.
No reason to stop in Las Vegas.
What's so important
in Las Vegas?
I just remembered
I got some business
that I have to take care of.
I'm fairly certain
I can catch a ride.
No shortage of people
going back and forth.
Well, if that's what you want.
Where should I drop you?
Middle of the Strip.
That's where the action is.
Not even close.
There are some people
there that need me.
Well, if it's that
important to you,
that's where I'll drop you off.
Only a few miles out now.
I get the feeling don't
like Las Vegas much.
Gambling, drunkenness,
prostitution?
And that's what they promote.
A modern day
Sodom and Gomorrah.
Yeah, with a
big electric bill.
That's right.
You can just drop me
off and keep driving.
What is so important
about Las Vegas anyway?
Let's just say I
have some work to do
and leave it at that, alright?
I guess we both have things
we'd rather not talk about.
I suppose so.
Let's go.
The New Testament
tells us that often Jesus
and his apostles spent
time among sinners.
Well, if they were
going to spread his word,
that's where they needed to be.
Which is why I need
to go to Las Vegas.
Is that why you're
hitchhiking across country?
To spread the Word?
I have a light to shine
in the darkness, Steven.
Then, why don't
you let me help you?
You have your
own path to walk.
Kinda puts a bit of perspective
on our problems, doesn't it?
Might as well
hold onto that coat.
I hear it gets cold in Las
Vegas, especially at night.
Are you sure you
want to do this?
I am.
Well, seeing as we'll
be parting company,
there's something else
I want to tell you.
When James called to
tell us Miranda was okay,
Abigail wanted to leave
right there and then,
to go to Los Angeles,
but I refused.
I was being prideful.
I told Abigail if
Amanda wanted to see us,
she knew where we lived.
We weren't going to be
the ones who gave in.
Shortly after that, Abigail
was too sick to travel.
I had denied Abigail a
chance to see Miranda again.
She died shortly after that.
Well at least you're
fulfilling her last wish now.
Abigail would be proud of you.
I do.
And I know one day you'll
be united in heaven.
Thank you for the ride, Steven.
You be careful here now.
Thank you, be careful driving.
Oh, I will.
I guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye for now, I'm
sure we'll meet again.
Perhaps.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Boy I'm tired.
I think I'm gonna pull
over and take a little nap.
Not ideal, but it'll have to do.
Let me get that,
it could be work.
Hello, James, it's Steven.
Hello, it's good
to hear from you.
Where are you?
I'm at Baker, I'll be
there in about three hours.
That's just fine.
Do you know how to get here?
I've got a map.
If I have any
trouble, I'll call.
Alright, see you
in a few hours.
James, do you
think she'll see me?
I don't know
if she wants to see you,
but she's not going anywhere.
I suppose that'll
have to be good enough.
See you soon.
Bye.
I spoke to Steven.
He's gonna be here
in a few hours.
Listen, maybe I can make
us all something for lunch.
That'd be great.
Listen, I gotta
go to the office.
I'll be back in a
few hours, okay?
Don't be late.
Okay.
Well, this is nice.
Here I go.
Did you forget your
keys again, James?
Hi, Pumpkin.
Hi, Dad.
You wanna come in?
I made some iced tea.
I'd love that.
You look great.
Thanks.
I guess we have a
lot to talk about.
I didn't come here to talk
about the last 25 years.
To bring you this.
It's my Bible
from Sunday School.
Before she died, your
mother wanted me to bring this
and to ask for your forgiveness.
We made a mistake.
Your mother wanted
you to know that,
and to bring you that Bible.
All of this time I've been
so angry at the both of you,
and I'm just
beginning to realize
I had nothing to be angry about.
And now she's gone
and I didn't get the chance
to tell her that I was wrong,
and ask for her forgiveness.
She forgives you, and
one day you'll know that,
because God forgives you too.
I don't pray, I
don't go to church.
Don't you think
it's time to start?
I forgive you Dad,
do you forgive me?
I just drove over 2,000 miles
to tell this to your face.
I forgive you.
Now tell me about James.
Lord, please
help me make a difference.
- Hi, Hon.
- Hey.
This is my husband.
You must be James.
Honey, this is my
father, Steven Campbell.
It's nice to
finally meet you, sir.
You too.
And thanks for helping
make this happen.
You got it.
You were supposed
to be home sooner.
I know, I saw you two
talking on the porch
and I figured to give
you a little time alone.
Thank you, we needed it.
Oh, we did.
I'm going to take
my Bible inside.
Would you like something
to drink, some iced tea?
Yes, please.
What a sweetheart.
It looks like you guys had
a pretty good conversation.
It took a while, but
we found a good place.
And it's all thanks to you.
Well, I just couldn't
see her carrying around
all that anger and pity.
It was really affecting her,
spiritually, emotionally.
She told me she would take
her Bible with her
to church on Sunday.
That makes me very happy.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
So, if you don't have
any plans for this evening,
then how about I cook us dinner?
And of course you're
staying with us.
I appreciate the offer,
but I've already
checked into a hotel
and I have plans for later.
Abigail and I always
wanted to watch the sunset
over the Pacific Ocean, but
never had a chance to do that.
I'm gonna do that this evening.
We can come with you.
Yeah.
No, this is something
I'd rather do by myself.
The nearest beach.
Sunset's in a couple of hours,
I think I'd better get going.
I've experienced LA
traffic first hand.
Alright, let's go.
Tell you what, let
me take you both out
for breakfast in the morning,
then tomorrow night
I'll take you up
on that dinner invitation.
That sounds fine.
Thanks again for
making this happen.
Be safe, take care.
There it is, Abigail,
just like you imagined.
It's a beautiful sunset,
isn't it old friend?
Joseph, what are
you doing here?
Let me tell you a story
as we watch the
light fade together.
About a beloved wife,
who asked for her husband
to join her in heaven
after he finished his final
task of saving your daughter.
Are you an angel?
I was sent here to
accompany you on your journey,
and asked to bring you home
when you were finished.
It's time to go home Steven.
♫ Embracing all the questions
nestled in your head
♫ Right and wrong are concepts
of something you just said
♫ Forgiveness is an idea
you won't give a chance
♫ Your life's a random
series of lonely circumstance
♫ Then something
marvelous occurred
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ From a voice you always heard
♫ Letters, numbers on a page
♫ Released you from that cage
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ Where forgiveness and love
♫ Were passed down from above
♫ Yes, something
marvelous occurred
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ Questions now seek answers,
no longer on your mind
♫ Right and wrong are concrete
when truth is what you find
♫ Forgiveness is conviction
you hold near your heart
♫ No longer to be seeking
for those you drove apart
♫ Then something
marvelous occurred
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ From a voice you always heard
♫ Letters, numbers on a page
♫ Released you from that cage
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ Where forgiveness and love
♫ Were passed down from above
♫ Yes, something
marvelous occurred
♫ You were guided by the word
♫ Letters, numbers on a page
♫ Released you from that cage
♫ But something
marvelous occurred
♫ You were guided by the word